README.md, before:

# Terraria Dedicated Server in Docker optimized for Unraid

This Docker will download and install Terraria and run it.

***SERVER PASSWORD: Docker***

Update Notice: The Container will check on every start/restart if there is a newer version of the game available and install it if so.

WEB CONSOLE: You can connect to the Terraria console by opening your browser and go to HOSTIP:9012 (eg: 192.168.1.1:9012) or click on WebUI on the Docker page within Unraid.

## Env params

| Name | Value | Example |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SERVER_DIR | Folder for gamefiles | /serverdata/serverfiles |
| GAME_PARAMS | Commandline startup parameters | -config serverconfig.txt |
| UID | User Identifier | 99 |
| GID | Group Identifier | 100 |

# Run example

docker run --name Terraria -d \
    -p 7777:7777/udp -p 9012:8080 \
    --env 'GAME_PARAMS=-config serverconfig.txt' \
    --env 'UID=99' \
    --env 'GID=100' \
    --volume /mnt/user/appdata/terraria:/serverdata/serverfiles \
    --restart=unless-stopped \
    ich777/terrariaserver:latest

This Docker was mainly created for the use with Unraid, if you don’t use Unraid you should definitely try it!

#### Support Thread: https://forums.unraid.net/topic/79530-support-ich777-gameserver-dockers/

Commit message:

Update README to reflect mobile version.

README.md, after:

# Terraria Mobile Dedicated Server in Docker optimized for Unraid

This Docker will download and install the Terraria Mobile Server and run it.

Update Notice: The Container will check on every start/restart if there is a newer version of the game available and install it if so.

WEB CONSOLE: You can connect to the Terraria Mobile Server console by opening your browser and go to HOSTIP:9012 (eg: 192.168.1.1:9012) or click on WebUI on the Docker page within Unraid.

## Env params

| Name | Value | Example |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SERVER_DIR | Folder for gamefiles | /serverdata/serverfiles |
| GAME_PARAMS | Commandline startup parameters | -config serverconfig.txt |
| UID | User Identifier | 99 |
| GID | Group Identifier | 100 |

# Run example

docker run --name TerrariaMobile -d \
    -p 7777:7777/udp -p 9012:8080 \
    --env 'GAME_PARAMS=-config serverconfig.txt' \
    --env 'UID=99' \
    --env 'GID=100' \
    --volume /mnt/user/appdata/terraria-mobile:/serverdata/serverfiles \
    --restart=unless-stopped \
    ich777/terrariaserver:mobile

This Docker was mainly created for the use with Unraid, if you don’t use Unraid you should definitely try it!

#### Support Thread: https://forums.unraid.net/topic/79530-support-ich777-gameserver-dockers/
